adding roll back changes (#21432)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: includes/data-connect-quickstart-02.md

---

<!-- markdownlint-disable MD002 MD041 -->
Before using Microsoft Graph Data Connect for the first time, you need to configure your Microsoft 365 tenant. This involves turning on the service and configuring a security group with permissions to approve data extraction requests.

> ## Grant Azure AD users the Global administrator role

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Grant Azure AD users the global administrator role
```

> In this step, you will ensure that two users in your Microsoft 365 tenant have the **Global administrator** role enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, you will ensure that two users in your Microsoft 365 tenant have the **global administrator** role enabled.
```

> In this step, you will ensure that two users in your Microsoft 365 tenant have the **global administrator** role enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Ensure that two users in your Microsoft 365 tenant have the **global administrator** role enabled.
```

- [Global Administrator built-in role](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference#global-administrator).
- [Elevate access to gain the Global Administrator role](/azure/role-based-access-control/elevate-access-global-admin).

## Configure Microsoft Graph Data Connect consent request approver group

> In this step, you will setup your Microsoft 365 tenant to enable usage of Microsoft Graph Data Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up your Microsoft 365 tenant to enable the usage of Microsoft Graph Data Connect.
```

1. Open a browser and go to your [Microsoft 365 Admin Portal](https://admin.microsoft.com/).

1. On the sidebar navigation, select **Active teams & Groups**.

    ![A screenshot showing the active groups in the Microsoft 365 admin center.](../concepts/images/data-connect-m365-act-grp.png)

> 1. Select the **Add a group** option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Add a group**.
```

1. Use the following page to create the new **mail-enabled** security group.

>    - **Type**: Select Mail-enabled security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Type**: Select Mail-enabled security.
```

    ![A screenshot showing a user selecting the mail-enabled security for a new group in the Microsoft 365 admin center.](../concepts/images/data-connect-m365-mail-sec.png)

>    - **Name**: Enter Consent Request Approvers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Name**: Enter consent request approvers
```

    ![A screenshot showing a user is giving the group a name of "Consent Request Approvers" in the Microsoft 365 admin center.](../concepts/images/data-connect-m365-cons-apprv.png)

   - **Owners**: Select **Owners** in the left pane and add at least one owner for the group.

>    - **Members**: Select **Members** and add the two users that you enabled the **Global administrator** role to this group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - **Members**: Select **Members** and add the two users who have been given the **Global administrator** role to this group.
```

   - **Group email address**: Enter *consentrequestapprovers*.

    ![A screenshot showing a user creating the email address for the previously created group in the Microsoft 365 admin center.](../concepts/images/data-connect-m365-cons-apprv-pref.png)

> 1. Finally click **Finish**. It can take up to an hour** before the newly created group shows up in the list. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Finish**. It can take up to an hour before the newly created group shows up in the list. 
```

## Enable Microsoft Graph Data Connect in your Microsoft 365 tenant

> In this step, you will enable the Microsoft Graph Data Connect service on your Microsoft 365 tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enable the Microsoft Graph Data Connect service on your Microsoft 365 tenant.
```

> 1. While you are still signed in to the Microsoft 365 Admin Portal, select the **Settings > Org settings** menu item. You might have to click **Show all** before you are able to view **Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. While you are still signed in to the Microsoft 365 Admin Portal, select **Settings > Org settings**. You may have to click **Show all** before you are able to view **Settings**.
```

1. Select the **Microsoft Graph Data Connect** service.

    ![A screenshot showing the "Services" in the "Org settings" blade. A user is toggling on the Microsoft Graph Data Connect service in the Microsoft 365 admin center.](../concepts/images/data-connect-m365-mgdc-toggle.png)

> 1. Select the checkbox that says **turn Microsoft Graph Data Connect on or off for your entire organization** to enable Data Connect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **turn Microsoft Graph Data Connect on or off for your entire organization** to enable Data Connect.
```

    ![A screenshot showing the checkbox you have to tick in order to enable Data Connect for your entire organization.](../concepts/images/data-connect-m365-enable-mgdc-for-org.png)

> 1. Enter **Consent Request Approvers** (or the name of the group you created previously) in the **group of users to make approval decisions** and select **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter **Consent Request Approvers** (or the name of the group you created previously) in the **group of users to make approval decisions** and click **Save**.
```
